why do bad things happen to good people
we're just a regular family like anybody
else we didn't ask for this
and we didn't deserve it
it's perfect it's spacious and
affordable i'm just wondering where is
the catch
well it does have a bit of a history
matt did you find a bedroom down here
it's nice and it's cool
what do you think's back man
[Music]
matt
who put these things under the
floorboards
[Music]
i've seen this kid almost every day
since we've been here you're scaring me
we'll join the club
so check it out they'd held seances in
this house
people not only contacted the dead but
made things appear
there's something in this house
[Music]
something no longer living and not yet
passed over
[Music]
what happened in the house something
evil
i didn't watch your son
you must get out now
i have to get my son
[Music]
you